What did I Change/Enhance?

I didn't do much with the first page or the issues page sicne I didn't feel like I could
change them much with JS/JQuery. I instead wanted to AJAX in the infomation from an external file
and use buttons to move away from a static page and make it more dynamic. I also wanted to try 
to use any API, and google maps didn't seem to bad so it is what I went with. It turned out
to be pretty easy to use and pretty cool to see what I could do with it!

A third part?

I don't really have a great idea of what I would do for a third part, unless we learned another programming
language for web development and used that. Or, possibly get into how Bootstrap works and converting most 
sites into what is being used today (since I believe Bootstrap falls under that category). I'm not saying
Bootstrap should be taught since I do not understand fully what it is or how it works, but I think
with the few extra classes we had it would have been good to go over stuff like "This is the base programming
you want to use, but out in the real world you can use these things to make your life easier and here is how to
use them". And you can show us maybe some external things for us to be familiar with that could help getting a web
development job.

What did I learn between part 1 and 2?

Obviously we learned Javascript and JQuery between them, but looking back at my legacy code there was just a lot of mistakes
I made that weren't necessarily going to crash the site, but were semantically wrong from learning better practices. I also
learned a few interesting things about API's and such along the way, but understand web development a lot better now.

Like about Project? Improve?

I liked how it was quite open ended, although that can be a blessing and a curse. It gave
people the creative ability to do whatever they wanted but some people aren't extremely creative
and so at times I was like "I really don't know how to make this look better" and "What can I add
here to improve the website". This might come with more practice, but I found myself staring at my website
and wondering what to improve as much as I did coding it! I think posting the rubric that you use and using more bullet
points to express what you want rather than in paragraph form would be ideal. I think also more "checkpoints" throughout the
semester would be better (with the projects and exercises actually) so that people don't push it off compeltely.


Thanks for a great semester Matt!
